You can also create access or properties to illustrate that to you.
We're going to do something a little different.
We'll add some content to our element of right here and then we'll go back and we'll do something.
Now you can see we have some text on the screen what we might do is create a class that's meant to wrap
a custom element so the way we do this is class custom HMO elements like so.
And then inside of here we can do our constructor constructor tour and we'll define our own properties
for the instance of this class right here.
And it's just going to be this element equals element like so.
Now originally the way that we define getters and setters is we would do like objects and then define
property.
And we pass in the prototype chain like so and then we pass in the name that we want to give it.
And then we give our configurable object or object configuration.
Here we have this nice syntactic sugar on top.
So instead all we have to do is write.
Get it right there and I'll call this h m l.
And the goal of this is just to return the inner AGM.
So I'm just going to return this dot element dot inner h t m l like so and for the center it's going
to be the same name and it's going to get a value passed in.
And in this case we're going to see the inner edge symbol of the elements equal to whatever gets passed
in.
Now obviously there's trust issues that are to be associated with this especially if this is data that
your users are passing in.
But for pure example purposes this works OK.
Now with that being said what I'll need to do is get a reference to my element in the dorm so I'm going
to do let's say left and we'll just call this div equals document doc queries selector.
Well targeted by its class name da element and you can see that we have a reference to it now.
Might as well go ahead and double check to make sure and you could see we do have a reference to the
div and get rid of that called Serat log and now I'm just going to make a new variable called a custom
l l and set the equal to new custom HMO element pass in the div like so.
And now we can look inside of it if we want to so that you can sort out log custom as well.
H.T. and now.
So and you see we get access to the enraged him right here and if we want to we can set it to something
else so what I might do is right Konst list and then do a template literal and then inside of here I'm
just going to do an ordered list like so.
And then after that I'm going to make some lies so you lie in an opening and closing tags like so.
And then after that I can just copy this and then paste it.
So I'll do one two three.
Now we can add an alt shift one to three.
So do a multi cursor and we'll do hello like so now that we have that set up.
Don't forget your semi-colon like you.
And then after that I can just do let's say custom l da HMO said equal to the list and then print out
or get the same thing that we got before and as soon as I say this you're going to see it should instantly
change cannot set property enter h T.M. undefined.
Let's see what went wrong here.
This element dot enraged him down.
That should have worked ok.
Custom l die each CMO equals list which should have passed in the list as a value and then assigned
it to the inner HMO property.
And in that case it didn't work.
Let me see what went wrong.
Line 124.
OK.
So we'll go back up.
Oh I see I spelled element wrong.
OK.
There we go.
Now you can see things instantly change to what they were before.
First it prints it out as it is and then it instantly changes it to an unordered list.
And this is how you would use getters and setters.
All you have to do is write get in and.
And you don't have to even separate them with commas.